Now comes the fun part.
Now we're going to add icons to our tabs, we're going to put icons in each and every one of these sections,
and that's going to allow us to identify specifically, visually what is going on in each of these tabs,
because I can go ahead and read what's going on here.
But if I have a visual indicator, I'll never miss.
OK, so the way to go about this is, first of all, we can go to react navigation for the tabs and
we can go look at how to customize the appearance, customizing the stock navigator.
There are some options that we can go through.
And so down here, what you'll find is a way to set up the tab bar icon with a focus color, a size
based on the root name.
And then you can choose, hey, this is what it's supposed to look like.
And then you'll return the icon with the icon name, the size and the color.
And so you can say we're going to use the exact same colors, but you can also choose a color for the
Tabbaa option.
So given that we have this code example here, what I want you to do is I want you to go and I want
you to figure out how to use the root name to deliver a specific icon.
To the tab navigation based on this example, and I want you to go look at.
Expo vector icons, we're not going to use this one.
This one is incorrect.
What we want to do is we want to import iron icons from Expo Vector icons.
Instead of doing this, I'm going to show you one thing that we need to optimize here.
What we're going to do is we're going to import this icon icons, but we're not going to import it from
here.
We're going to import from at Expo Vector icons, and that's going to allow us to get the same exact
package.
But we're going to get it from Expo because this is shipped with our installation.
And there's one more thing I need to note here.
So these icons, where can I know which ones I can get?
Well, that's a good question.
So what we're going to do is we're going to type at Expo Vector icons and we're going to leave this.
And so if we go look here at the documentation section that you can jump to Expo Vector icons, we'll
link this in the resources as well.
And what you can see here is this library is installed by default on the project.
OK, OK, good.
And then we can go to the Expo Vector Icon directory, and so here we can see which icons are available.
And so if we, for instance, copy paste one of these icons, we can quickly see, hey, which icon
is this?
And so we can go and we can look for things like beer, drinks, food, and we can quickly decide which
icons we want.
So I want you to take every time we have and find an icon that suits it for you.
And then I'll show you in the next video my solution and the icons that I chose.
And also a way to optimize this logic, because this logic is very static inside of here.
But let's use this example to get a solution going.